Jenkins - adding candidate announcement blog post (#5700)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2022/11/2022-11-17-jenkins-election-candidates.adoc

---
:layout: post
:title: "Jenkins Elections Announcement"
:tags:
- community
- governance
- governance-board
- elections
authors:
- kmartens27
description: >
    Announcement for Jenkins Board elections 2022.
links:
  discourse: true
opengraph:
  image: /images/governance/elections/2022/2022-opengraph.png
---

> Hello all, voter registration and candidate nominations for the 2023 Jenkins elections are now complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello all, voter registration and candidate nominations for the 2022 Jenkins elections are now complete.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed that is the correct year.  I forgot that the election year is defined by the year when it happens, not by the year when the elected individuals serve.  See https://www.jenkins.io/blog/2022/10/20/jenkins-election-announcement/

> Thanks to everyone who registered to vote and to all those who submitted nominations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to everyone who registered to vote and to all of those who submitted nominations.
```
(Not sure at all about this suggestion, but it sounds better to me)

Reviewer 2: My grammar skills aren't great, but I think it is better without the additional "of".

I truly believe in Jenkins' future and would be happy to serve on the Jenkins governance board.
I would like to make Jenkins a great place to contribute, and to get more beginners and regular contributors involved in the community on a regular basis.
Onboarding more individual contributors would be one of my key targets, for example, through Jenkins' continued participation in Google Summer of Code.

On the technical aspect, I plan to move automatic plugin and component releases forward, and focus on the support and extension of modern technologies, such as Java 17 and beyond.

Affiliations: Student of business science

link:https://github.com/NotMyFault[GitHub]  
link:https://twitter.com/NotMyFault_OG[Twitter]

=== Board Member - Ullrich Hafner

I have been an active contributor in the Jenkins project since 2007.
Currently, I am the maintainer of several Jenkins plugins, mostly in the area of build result visualization using modern JS based user interfaces: e.g., I am the maintainer of the warnings, code coverage and git-forensics plugins as well as several UI related JS wrapper plugins like Bootstrap or ECharts.

> I am a member of the Jenkins UX SIG and I formerly was a member of the Jenkins Governance Board during the 2019/2021 term.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I am a member of the Jenkins UX SIG and I was a member of the Jenkins Governance Board during the 2019/2021 term.
```

I am a professor of Software Engineering at the University of Applied Sciences Munich, where I also try to win new Jenkins contributors by letting students develop new features in their student projects and theses.
I am also helping new contributors (and students) in our Jenkins forums or by giving some talks in our Jenkins Meetups.
It would be a pleasure for me to serve again as a member of the governance board.

> In the board I can help the Jenkins project to evolve and follow a strict vision, that will focus on the needs of the users. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the board, I can help the Jenkins project evolve and follow a strict vision that will focus on the needs of the users. 
```

Affiliations: University of Applied Sciences Munich

link:https://github.com/uhafner[Github]

== New Officers

=== Release Officer - Tim Jacomb

I have been a user of Jenkins for the last 10 years and a regular contributor since 2018.

> I began with maintaining the Slack plugin and over the last couple of years I have since expanded that to many more plugins and the Jenkins core.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I began with maintaining the Slack plugin, and over the last couple of years, I have expanded my experience with several more plugins and the Jenkins core.
```

These are some of the components I maintain when I have time: Slack, Azure Key Vault, Junit, most of the Database plugins, Dark theme, Plugin installation manager, Jenkins Helm chart, and Configuration as code plugin.
I am also a member of the Jenkins infrastructure team, and I was involved in the release automation project and the mirrors modernisation effort, along with the day to day support helping people regain access to accounts etc.
As a Release Officer I would like to increase automation, ease onboarding of new contributors to the release team, and ensure that responsibilities rotate among people so that I wouldn't be a bottleneck for any task.

Affiliations: Kainos

link:https://github.com/timja[Github]

=== Events Officer - Alyssa Tong

> "It has been a privilege for me to be part of the Jenkins community and serve as Events Officer in 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has been a privilege for me to be part of the Jenkins community and serve as Events Officer in 2022.
```

Reviewer 2: @alyssat are you OK with this proposed change to your personal statement?

> I would be honored to serve as Events Officer for another term if given the opportunity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am honored to serve as Events Officer for another term.
```
Not sure about this one too.

Reviewer 2: @alyssat are you OK with this proposed change to your personal statement?

Author: everyone had provided their statements with the idea that there would be an election, which is why the wording seems a bit off here. I can definitely update things as needed to make it more in line with the announcement though!

I am passionate about open source, collaboration, and education.
My goal is to build welcoming communities, and coordinating events is part of this role.

> More importantly, I strive to bring the community together through events and conferences, so we can share best practices and collaborate for the betterment of the project."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More importantly, I strive to bring the community together through events and conferences, so we can share best practices and collaborate for the betterment of the project.
```

Reviewer 2: @alyssat are you OK with this proposed change to your personal statement?

Affiliations: CloudBees

link:https://github.com/alyssat[Github]

=== Security Officer - Wadeck Follonier

> I joined the Jenkins adventure in 2017, as long as the Jenkins Security team and was coached by Oleg Nenashev and Daniel Beck about how to best contribute to the community effort, especially related to security tasks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I joined the Jenkins adventure in 2017, as part of the Jenkins Security team and was coached by Oleg Nenashev and Daniel Beck about how to best contribute to the community effort, especially related to security tasks.
```

I am working full time at CloudBees, managing two teams, including the security team dedicated to Jenkins.

> I got inspired by Daniel's work in terms of tooling, to create an application helping both the security people and the maintainers through multiple bot commands (in SECURITY tickets and in Hosting request).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I was inspired by Daniel's work in terms of tooling, to create an application helping both the security people and the maintainers through multiple bot commands (in SECURITY tickets and in Hosting request).
```

During the year as the Security Officer, I spent a good amount of my time onboarding the future experts, finding ways to increase efficiency of the team by left shifting tasks, to reduce the size of our backlog and to put the focus on important tasks.
For the next year, I would like to be able to continue the effort to make Jenkins an even more secure place.
One of the topic that I want to push forward is about the Content Security Policy introduction in the Jenkins ecosystem.

Affiliations: CloudBees

link:https://github.com/Wadeck[Github]
link:https://www.linkedin.com/in/wadeck/[Linkedin]

=== Documentation Officer - Kevin Martens

I am a technical documentation writer, and have been contributing to the Jenkins project consistently over the last seven months. 

> I have helped create the Blue Ocean status statement that is now in the documentation, DevOps World material, and was a mentor for the Jenkins Documentation area of Hacktoberfest 2022.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I helped create the Blue Ocean status statement that is now in the documentation, DevOps World material, and was a mentor for the Jenkins Documentation area of Hacktoberfest 2022.
```

I have recently been added to the copy-editor team due to my involvement with the Jenkins Documentation SIG and contributions.

> I have learned constantly by contributing link:/blog/authors/kmartens27/[blog posts] to Jenkins and the link:https://cd.foundation/blog/2022/09/07/jenkins-18th-birthday-%f0%9f%8e%82-and-retrospective/[CD Foundation], documentation updates and creation, and screenshot updates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I continue to learn by contributing link:/blog/authors/kmartens27/[blog posts] to Jenkins and the link:https://cd.foundation/blog/2022/09/07/jenkins-18th-birthday-%f0%9f%8e%82-and-retrospective/[CD Foundation], documentation updates and creation, and screenshot updates.
```

> I have also contributed recent LTS release changelogs and upgrade guides, and am currently reviewing the weekly release lines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I have also contributed to recent LTS release changelogs and upgrade guides, and am currently reviewing the weekly release lines.
```

> I review open pull requests, issues, and feedback, so that we can discuss further with the community and work to improve things as needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I review open pull requests, issues, and feedback, so that we can discuss further with the community and work to improve as needed.
```
